README.md, before:

# Sample workflows for Logtalk repos

To use a workflow in your own repo, copy its file to the `.github/workflows` directory on your repo and edit the workflow to match your application requirements, notably to choose and configure the Prolog compiler backend that you want to use. Don't forget to sign up for the GitHub Actions beta program. See the [`demo`](https://github.com/logtalk-actions/demo) repo for usage examples of some of these workflows.

##### [`testing.yml`](https://github.com/logtalk-actions/workflows/blob/master/testing.yml)

This workflow runs tests and makes available a TAP report and a code coverage report as build artifacts. To generate instead a xUnit report, change the `logtalk_tester` option `-f tap` to `-f xunit` and `tap-report` to `xunit-report` in the upload action.

##### [`coverage.yml`](https://github.com/logtalk-actions/workflows/blob/master/coverage.yml)

This workflow is a variant of the `testing.yml` workflow that also publishes the code coverage report to [GitHub Pages](https://pages.github.com/). It uses a third-party action that requires creating a personal access token. You will also need to create the `gh-pages` branch before running the workflows. See [https://github.com/maxheld83/ghpages](https://github.com/maxheld83/ghpages) for details.

##### [`diagrams.yml`](https://github.com/logtalk-actions/workflows/blob/master/diagrams.yml)

This workflow generates and uploads as a build artifact the application diagrams in SVG format.

##### [`documenting.yml`](https://github.com/logtalk-actions/workflows/blob/master/documenting.yml)

This workflow generates HTML documentation using Sphinx making it available as a build artifact.

##### [`doclet.yml`](https://github.com/logtalk-actions/workflows/blob/master/doclet.yml)

This workflow runs the `logtalk_doclet` script to generate documentation assuming that the project defines a doclet.

Commit message:

Add new embedding workflow and link to demonstration repo

README.md, after:

# Sample workflows for Logtalk repos

To use a workflow in your own repo, copy its file to the `.github/workflows` directory on your repo and edit the workflow to match your application requirements, notably to choose and configure the Prolog compiler backend that you want to use. Don't forget to sign up for the GitHub Actions beta program. See the [`demo`](https://github.com/logtalk-actions/demo) and [`spider`](https://github.com/logtalk-actions/spider) repos for usage examples of some of these workflows.

##### [`testing.yml`](https://github.com/logtalk-actions/workflows/blob/master/testing.yml)

This workflow runs tests and makes available a TAP report and a code coverage report as build artifacts. To generate instead a xUnit report, change the `logtalk_tester` option `-f tap` to `-f xunit` and `tap-report` to `xunit-report` in the upload action.

##### [`coverage.yml`](https://github.com/logtalk-actions/workflows/blob/master/coverage.yml)

This workflow is a variant of the `testing.yml` workflow that also publishes the code coverage report to [GitHub Pages](https://pages.github.com/). It uses a third-party action that requires creating a personal access token. You will also need to create the `gh-pages` branch before running the workflows. See [https://github.com/maxheld83/ghpages](https://github.com/maxheld83/ghpages) for details.

##### [`diagrams.yml`](https://github.com/logtalk-actions/workflows/blob/master/diagrams.yml)

This workflow generates and uploads as a build artifact the application diagrams in SVG format.

##### [`documenting.yml`](https://github.com/logtalk-actions/workflows/blob/master/documenting.yml)

This workflow generates HTML documentation using Sphinx making it available as a build artifact.

##### [`doclet.yml`](https://github.com/logtalk-actions/workflows/blob/master/doclet.yml)

This workflow runs the `logtalk_doclet` script to generate documentation assuming that the project defines a doclet.

##### [`embedding.yml`](https://github.com/logtalk-actions/workflows/blob/master/embedding.yml)

This workflow illustrates how to embed a Logtalk application and generate an executable. For more on embedding support see [https://github.com/LogtalkDotOrg/logtalk3/tree/master/scripts/embedding](https://github.com/LogtalkDotOrg/logtalk3/tree/master/scripts/embedding).

## License

This project is released under the [Apache License 2.0](LICENSE).

## Current Status

These workflows are in active development.
